<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="test_coverage">
    <title>Types of testing</title>
    <shortdesc>Overview of tests covered in this guide.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
            <note type="note">These instructions have been tested on macOS. Other operating systems may not be fully supported.</note>
        <section>
            <title>Authentication</title>
            <p>Verify that valid API keys are accepted and invalid keys are rejected.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section>
            <title>Creating a Payment Intent</title>
            <p>A Payment Intent is the core object for managing the complete payment process in Stripe. Each Payment Intent represents a single payment attempt and automatically handles authentication requirements and payment method variations.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section>
            <title>Retrieving a Payment Intent</title>
            <p>Once a Payment Intent is created, Stripe assigns it an ID. You can test that you can perform a GET request to retrieve the ID.</p>
        </section>

        <section>
            <title>Customers</title>
            <p>A Customer object is a representation of a customer in your Stripe account. You can store multiple payment methods, shipping addresses, and more on the Customer object, and all fields are optional.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section>
            <title>Currency Handling</title>
            <p>Stripe uses ISO currency codes and amounts specified in the smallest currency unit, for example, cents for <codeph>usd</codeph>.</p>
        </section>
        
    </conbody>
</concept>